# Weekly Status Review Meeting

Review if project stauts is healthy or not, foucs on blocking issues and delay risks.

## Attendees

- [@calvinyv](https://github.com/calvinyv), Host
- [@liuyp2018](https://github.com/liuyp2018)
- [@hlwanghl](https://github.com/hlwanghl)
- [@zheng1](https://github.com/zheng1)
- [@pengcong06](https://github.com/pengcong06)
- [@duanjiong](https://github.com/duanjiong)
- [@leoendless](https://github.com/leoendless)
- [@justahole](https://github.com/justahole)
- [@liyefox](https://github.com/liyefox)
- [@benjaminhuo](https://github.com/benjaminhuo)
- [@junotx](https://github.com/junotx)
- [@wanjunlei](https://github.com/wanjunlei)
- [@huanggze](https://github.com/huanggze)
- [@zryfish](https://github.com/zryfish)
- [@FeynmanZhou](https://github.com/FeynmanZhou)
- [@pixiake](https://github.com/pixiake)
- [@Forest-L](https://github.com/Forest-L)
- [@wansir](https://github.com/wansir)
- [@wnxn](https://github.com/wnxn)
- [@min-zh](https://github.com/min-zh)
- [@runzexia](https://github.com/runzexia)
- [@shaowenchen](https://github.com/shaowenchen)
- [@yunkunrao](https://github.com/yunkunrao)

### Status

- network
  - visualization: integrates backend APIs with frontend pages, plans to develop UI next week,  @zheng1
  - Security policy management: integrates backend APIs with frontend pages, plans to develop UI next week @duanjiong
  - ip pool: plans to develop backend APIs next week @duanjiong
  
- multi-clusters
  
  - joint debugging, integrates backend APIs with frontend pages, refines design doc and API doc, refines security framework base on multi-clusters  @zryfish
  
- service mesh

  - upgrade istio: pending

- storage
  - [qingcstor csi](https://github.com/yunify/qingstor-csi): upgrades neonsan csi and supports K8s  1.16 @min-zh
  - finishes the design of the global storage management @wnxn
  - investigates and develops helm chart for qingstor csi @min-zh
  - investigates the advanced features of nfs and local pv to see if it's possible to integrate some into KubeSphere @min-zh
  
- app store
  - refine openpitrix, deprecate some useless modules @pengcong06
  - simplify the app approval process 10% - pending @pengcong06 @wansir
  
- authentication & authorization
  
  - refine the framework to compatible with multi-clusters @wansir
  
- DevOps
  - skill transfer @runzexia @shaowenchen
  - recruit the new contributors
  
- observability
  - backend service of notification mgr 95% @benjaminhuo
  - backend service of kube-event 95% @junotx
  - investigate how to integrate Prometheus alert rules @wanjunlei
  - backend service of audit 95% @wanjunlei
  - integrate backend APIs with frontend pages for 3rd-parties monitoring metrics @huanggze
  
- installer
  
  - develop a new lite installer @pixiake @Forest-L
  - investigate the upgrade for K8s 1.18
  
- metering - dealy to 3.1.0
  - refine the UI design
  - investigate and develop related backend services 30% @zheng1
  
- open-source community @FeynmanZhou
  - design the new version of open-source website  80% 
  - collect user cases from the community 
  - setup user group
  - setup sig-k8s in openEuler and join the community
  - co-work with jenkins China
  - apply openebs parter
  - porter project website online

## Contact

- Slack [#sig-release](https://kubesphere.slack.com/messages/sig-release)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubesphere)
- [Open Community Issues/PRs](https://github.com/kubesphere/community/sig%2Frelease)
