# Weekly Status Review Meeting

Review if project stauts is healthy or not, foucs on blocking issues and delay risks.

## Attendees

- [@calvinyv](https://github.com/calvinyv), Host
- [@liuyp2018](https://github.com/liuyp2018)
- [@hlwanghl](https://github.com/hlwanghl)
- [@zheng1](https://github.com/zheng1)
- [@pengcong06](https://github.com/pengcong06)
- [@duanjiong](https://github.com/duanjiong)
- [@leoendless](https://github.com/leoendless)
- [@justahole](https://github.com/justahole)
- [@liyefox](https://github.com/liyefox)
- [@benjaminhuo](https://github.com/benjaminhuo)
- [@junotx](https://github.com/junotx)
- [@wanjunlei](https://github.com/wanjunlei)
- [@huanggze](https://github.com/huanggze)
- [@zryfish](https://github.com/zryfish)
- [@FeynmanZhou](https://github.com/FeynmanZhou)
- [@pixiake](https://github.com/pixiake)
- [@Forest-L](https://github.com/Forest-L)
- [@wansir](https://github.com/wansir)
- [@wnxn](https://github.com/wnxn)
- [@min-zh](https://github.com/min-zh)
- [@runzexia](https://github.com/runzexia)
- [@shaowenchen](https://github.com/shaowenchen)
- [@yunkunrao](https://github.com/yunkunrao)

### Status

- network
  - visualization: joint debugging, integrate backend apis with frontend pages @zheng1
  - Security policy management: progress of backend apis 80%, plans to integrate with frontend pages next week @duanjiong
- multi-culsters
  - joint debugging, integrate backend apis with frontend pages, refine design doc and api doc @zryfish
- storage
  - [qingcloud csi](https://github.com/yunify/qingcloud-csi): upgrade and support K8s  1.16 @wnxn
  - design and investigate to provide a global storage management page in 3.0.0 @wnxn
  - investigate if common alert policy from Prometheus could satify the requirement: 100% @min-zh
- app store
  - support helm v3 and compatible with v2 @pengcong06
  - simplify the app approval process 10% @pengcong06 @wansir
- authentication & authorization
  - refine releated api and controller @wansir
- DevOps
  - skill transfer @runzexia @shaowenchen
  - recurit the new contributors
- observability
  - backend service of notification mgr 90% @benjaminhuo
  - backend service of kube-event 90% @junotx
  - investigate how to integrate Prometheus alert rules @wanjunlei
  - backend service of audit 100% @wanjunlei
  - integrate backend apis with frontend pages for 3rd-parties monitoring metrics @huanggze
- installer
  - develop a new lite installer @pixiake @Forest-L
- metering
  - refine the ui design
  - investigate and develop related backend services 30% @zheng1
- open source community @FeynmanZhou
  - design the new version of open source website  80% 
  - collect user cases from community 
  - setup user group
  - setup sig-k8s in openEuler and join the community

## Contact

- Slack [#sig-release](https://kubesphere.slack.com/messages/sig-release)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubesphere)
- [Open Community Issues/PRs](https://github.com/kubesphere/community/sig%2Frelease)
